feat: Crossplane Kubernetes Provider (#1119)
aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints: docs/add-ons/crossplane.md

}
```

_NOTE: Crossplane requires cluster-admin permissions to create and update Kubernetes resources._

Config to deploy [Kubernetes provider](https://github.com/crossplane-contrib/provider-kubernetes)
```hcl
# Creates ProviderConfig -> kubernetes-provider
crossplane_kubernetes_provider = {
  enable                   = true

>   provider_kubernetes_version     = "main"  # Get the latest version from  https://github.com/crossplane-contrib/provider-jet-aws

Reviewer: Fix url and pin to specific version.

```suggestion
  provider_kubernetes_version     = "v0.5.0"  # Get the latest version from  https://github.com/crossplane-contrib/provider-kubernetes
```

Author: I did initially try with "v0.5.0" but that version doesn't appear to exist in DockerHub: https://hub.docker.com/r/crossplane/provider-kubernetes/tags. The provider was failing to run. I also tried v0.5.0 from the upbound repository, but that was similarly failing to run: https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/crossplane-contrib/provider-kubernetes/v0.5.0.
